moreover the word the Lord came to me
moreover the word the Lord came to me now son of man will you judge will you
now son of man will you judge will you
now son of man will you judge will you judge the bloody City yes show her all
judge the bloody City yes show her all
judge the bloody City yes show her all her abominations then say thus says the
her abominations then say thus says the
her abominations then say thus says the Lord God the city sheds blood in her own
Lord God the city sheds blood in her own
Lord God the city sheds blood in her own midst that her time may come and she
midst that her time may come and she
midst that her time may come and she makes idols within herself to defile
makes idols within herself to defile
makes idols within herself to defile herself you have become guilty by the
herself you have become guilty by the
herself you have become guilty by the blood which you have shed and have
blood which you have shed and have
blood which you have shed and have defiled yourselves with the idols which
defiled yourselves with the idols which
defiled yourselves with the idols which you have made you have caused your days
you have made you have caused your days
you have made you have caused your days to draw near and have come to the end of
to draw near and have come to the end of
to draw near and have come to the end of your years therefore I have made you a
your years therefore I have made you a
your years therefore I have made you a reproach to the nation's and a mockery
reproach to the nation's and a mockery
reproach to the nation's and a mockery to all countries those near and those
to all countries those near and those
to all countries those near and those far from you will mock you as infamous
far from you will mock you as infamous
far from you will mock you as infamous and full of tumult look the princes of
and full of tumult look the princes of
and full of tumult look the princes of Israel each one has used his power to
Israel each one has used his power to
Israel each one has used his power to shed blood in you in you they have made
shed blood in you in you they have made
shed blood in you in you they have made light of father and mother in your midst
light of father and mother in your midst
light of father and mother in your midst they have oppressed the stranger in you
they have oppressed the stranger in you
they have oppressed the stranger in you they have mistreated the fatherless and
they have mistreated the fatherless and
they have mistreated the fatherless and the widow you have despised my holy
the widow you have despised my holy
the widow you have despised my holy things and profaned my Sabbath's in you
things and profaned my Sabbath's in you
things and profaned my Sabbath's in you are men who slander to cause bloodshed
are men who slander to cause bloodshed
are men who slander to cause bloodshed in you are those who eat on the
in you are those who eat on the
in you are those who eat on the mountains in your midst they commit
mountains in your midst they commit
mountains in your midst they commit lewdness in you men uncover their
lewdness in you men uncover their
lewdness in you men uncover their fathers nakedness in you they violate
fathers nakedness in you they violate
fathers nakedness in you they violate women who are set apart during their
women who are set apart during their
women who are set apart during their impurity one commits abomination with
impurity one commits abomination with
impurity one commits abomination with his neighbor's wife
his neighbor's wife
his neighbor's wife another lewdly defiles his
another lewdly defiles his
another lewdly defiles his daughter-in-law and another in you
daughter-in-law and another in you
daughter-in-law and another in you violates his sister his father's door
violates his sister his father's door
violates his sister his father's door in you they take bribes to shed blood
in you they take bribes to shed blood
in you they take bribes to shed blood you take usury and increase you have
you take usury and increase you have
you take usury and increase you have made profit from your neighbors by
made profit from your neighbors by
made profit from your neighbors by extortion and have forgotten me behold
extortion and have forgotten me behold
extortion and have forgotten me behold therefore I beat my fists at the
therefore I beat my fists at the
therefore I beat my fists at the dishonest profit which you have made and
dishonest profit which you have made and
dishonest profit which you have made and of the bloodshed which has been in your
of the bloodshed which has been in your
of the bloodshed which has been in your midst can your heart endure or can your
midst can your heart endure or can your
midst can your heart endure or can your hands remain strong in the days when I
hands remain strong in the days when I
hands remain strong in the days when I shall deal with you I the LORD have
shall deal with you I the LORD have
shall deal with you I the LORD have spoken and will do it I will scatter you
spoken and will do it I will scatter you
spoken and will do it I will scatter you among the nations disperse you
among the nations disperse you
among the nations disperse you throughout the countries and remove your
throughout the countries and remove your
throughout the countries and remove your filthiness completely from you shall
filthiness completely from you shall
filthiness completely from you shall defile yourself in the sight of the
defile yourself in the sight of the
defile yourself in the sight of the Nathans then you shall know that I am
Nathans then you shall know that I am
Nathans then you shall know that I am the Lord the word of the Lord came to me
the Lord the word of the Lord came to me
the Lord the word of the Lord came to me saying son of man the house of Israel
saying son of man the house of Israel
saying son of man the house of Israel has become dross to me they are all
has become dross to me they are all
has become dross to me they are all bronze ten iron and LED in the midst of
bronze ten iron and LED in the midst of
bronze ten iron and LED in the midst of a furnace they have become dross from
a furnace they have become dross from
a furnace they have become dross from silver therefore thus says the Lord God
silver therefore thus says the Lord God
silver therefore thus says the Lord God because you have all become dross
because you have all become dross
because you have all become dross therefore behold I will gather you into
therefore behold I will gather you into
therefore behold I will gather you into the midst of Jerusalem as men gather
the midst of Jerusalem as men gather
the midst of Jerusalem as men gather silver bronze iron LED and ten into the
silver bronze iron LED and ten into the
silver bronze iron LED and ten into the midst of a furnace to blow fire on it to
midst of a furnace to blow fire on it to
midst of a furnace to blow fire on it to melt it so I will gather you in my anger
melt it so I will gather you in my anger
melt it so I will gather you in my anger and in my fury and I will leave you
and in my fury and I will leave you
and in my fury and I will leave you there and melt you yes I will gather you
there and melt you yes I will gather you
there and melt you yes I will gather you and blow on you with the fire of my
and blow on you with the fire of my
and blow on you with the fire of my wrath and you shall be melted in its
wrath and you shall be melted in its
wrath and you shall be melted in its midst as silver is melted in the midst
midst as silver is melted in the midst
midst as silver is melted in the midst of a furnace so shall you be melted in
of a furnace so shall you be melted in
of a furnace so shall you be melted in its midst then you shall know that I the
its midst then you shall know that I the
its midst then you shall know that I the LORD have poured out my fury
LORD have poured out my fury
LORD have poured out my fury you and the word of the Lord came to me
you and the word of the Lord came to me
you and the word of the Lord came to me saying son of man saved - ha you are a
saying son of man saved - ha you are a
saying son of man saved - ha you are a land that is not cleansed or rained on
land that is not cleansed or rained on
land that is not cleansed or rained on in the day of indignation the conspiracy
in the day of indignation the conspiracy
in the day of indignation the conspiracy of her prophets in her midst is like a
of her prophets in her midst is like a
of her prophets in her midst is like a roaring lion tearing the prey they have
roaring lion tearing the prey they have
roaring lion tearing the prey they have devoured people they have taken treasure
devoured people they have taken treasure
devoured people they have taken treasure and precious things they have made many
and precious things they have made many
and precious things they have made many widows in her midst her priests have
widows in her midst her priests have
widows in her midst her priests have violated my law and profaned my holy
violated my law and profaned my holy
violated my law and profaned my holy things they have not distinguished
things they have not distinguished
things they have not distinguished between the holy and unholy nor have
between the holy and unholy nor have
between the holy and unholy nor have they made known the difference between
they made known the difference between
they made known the difference between the unclean and the clean and they have
the unclean and the clean and they have
the unclean and the clean and they have hidden their eyes from my Sabbath's so
hidden their eyes from my Sabbath's so
hidden their eyes from my Sabbath's so that I am profaned among them her
that I am profaned among them her
that I am profaned among them her Prince's in her midst are like wolves
Prince's in her midst are like wolves
Prince's in her midst are like wolves tearing the prey to shed blood to
tearing the prey to shed blood to
tearing the prey to shed blood to destroy people and to get dishonest gain
destroy people and to get dishonest gain
destroy people and to get dishonest gain her prophets plastered them with
her prophets plastered them with
her prophets plastered them with untempered mortar seeing false visions
untempered mortar seeing false visions
untempered mortar seeing false visions and divining lies for them saying thus
and divining lies for them saying thus
and divining lies for them saying thus says the Lord God when the Lord had not
says the Lord God when the Lord had not
says the Lord God when the Lord had not spoken the people of the land have used
spoken the people of the land have used
spoken the people of the land have used oppressions committed robbery and
oppressions committed robbery and
oppressions committed robbery and mistreated the poor and needy and they
mistreated the poor and needy and they
mistreated the poor and needy and they wrongfully oppressed the stranger so I
wrongfully oppressed the stranger so I
wrongfully oppressed the stranger so I sought for a man among them who would
sought for a man among them who would
sought for a man among them who would make a war and stand in the gap before
make a war and stand in the gap before
make a war and stand in the gap before me on behalf of the land that I should
me on behalf of the land that I should
me on behalf of the land that I should not destroy it but I found no one
not destroy it but I found no one
not destroy it but I found no one therefore I have poured out my
therefore I have poured out my
therefore I have poured out my indignation on them I have consumed them
indignation on them I have consumed them
indignation on them I have consumed them with the fire of my wrath and I have
with the fire of my wrath and I have
with the fire of my wrath and I have recompense their deeds on their own
recompense their deeds on their own
recompense their deeds on their own heads says the Lord God
heads says the Lord God
heads says the Lord God [Music]